It's okay, the doctor can take care of it for a few days.
It doesn't leave a scar.
It's okay.
Yeon Yeon, don't do this alone, you know.
I know.
When you're with him, he won't make that mistake.
Snow and I have known each other for over 10 years.
Then there's you
Don't mind.
So in this case,
Why did it happen today?
I've been your fiancé for 10 years.
Crying snow is my girlfriend
It's not good for you to call me your girlfriend.
Yes, the first snow of our house is simple
Later some married men should best stay away from the first snow of our house
What do you say about married people?
Your engagement with Ninh Nguyen I still want to rely on ah
I'm a little tired of that.
Go back to rest first.
To avoid unnecessary misunderstanding
Try to keep a little bit of boundaries with the opposite sex.
to avoid hurting two of my friends.
Ten years, don't blame me.
He was also afraid of me and bleeding like that.
Don't worry about bleeding in the future, okay?